Lu Shanshan
What are you doing here?
Shanshan, you know each other?
Of course I know
If it weren't for Yang Qianchen saving Luo Yingxue back then
How could I be so embarrassed?
I can't deal with Luo Yingxue
I can't deal with you, a little Yang Qianchen
Shanshan, do you two have a grudge?
Do you want me to help you teach him a lesson?
Is there some hatred?
Yang Qianchen didn't even go to college as far as I know
How could it be possible to work in any group
Is Mo allowed to open the back door for you?
What!
It turned out to be a waste who eats soft rice and goes through the back door
What do I take it for?
It turned out to be a trash who didn't even go to college
I didn't go to college.
But I have taught myself all the courses
Also passed the Adult College Entrance Exam
Why do you look down on me?
What adult college entrance examination
And face to say
You can ask other colleagues in the company.
Who hasn't been to college?
Since you came in through the back door after eating
Just stay in the corner for me
Don't go out and embarrass our department
Why do you want to hit me?
Come on, fight
No way.
I can't cause trouble on my first day in the company
Shame on Luo Ying